Development Task (all levels)


Task 1 (Partner Form):
1. Add check box on partner called (is_student) - done
2. Add a birth_date field of type date with constraint that age shall be from 4 to 5 years old at today. - done
3. In res.partner, add the filter Student, to show only partners that are students - done


Task 2 (Student Registration):
Description: create new model called Student Registration (student.registration) with the following fields:
1. name: char field, take automatic sequence like (RG000001)  V
2. student_id: many2one on res.partner model ( filter on partner that has the check box is_student)  V
and when creating students on the ly please make sure that checkbox is checked by default.
(required*)  V
3. phone: related by student phone  V
4. age: computed ield that calculates student age from student birth date and checks for the 4-5
years constraint.  V
5. date: date field. (required*)  V
6. currency_id: many2one field on res.currency model and will take company currency by default.
(readonly)  V
7. amount: (registration fees) monetary field. (required*)  V
8. state: selection ield with the following values (draft – conirmed – invoiced - canceled)  V


Worklow:
1. Once student registration created, it will be in draft state  V
2. Button conirm to change state to conirmed  V
3. Cancel button to change state to canceled  V

Views:
1. Create form, tree, search and calendar view  X
2. Add Group By “State” V
Security:
1. Create security group called (registration Manager) V

Menu items:
1. Root menu called Registration
2. Add a new sub menu under the registration menu named (Student Registration) that will open
the student registration model. This menu item will appear to the user that has a student
registration manager group.
3. Add a new submenu menu under the registration menu called students that shows all partners
with the check box is_student


Task 3 (Invoice Model):
1. registration_id: many2one field on student.registration model
2. In student registration model worklow add button to create invoice for this student and link it
to this registration form
3. Smart button to open the student invoice


Task 4 (Website):
1. Create website form for student registration, when any visitor fills and submits it, it
creates a new student, make sure that all ields are validated before submission.
